hey what's up guys it's Chris and what
you're about to watch has become
somewhat of a ritual in Maya streams for
some reason when I'm streaming castle
wars a bunch of people pick on me with
the dragon Spears and I thought it was
kind of funny and so did this dream so I
thought I'd upload it to this channel
and feature it so hopefully you guys
enjoy and join us next time but don't
bring any dragon spear me in this guide
let's go tell turn me in the dragon long
story man we're going we got this cat we
got this yep never one player your
castle is you're right pointing in the
right direction here we go this is it
guys this is it this is the capture I
can feel it I just gotta get barricade
quick or a few oh there's a lot of
people I mean oh my god leave me alone
ha suck on that I'm going down just
kidding I'm going up ha ha ha I'm free
I'm frozen and speared and they're back
really to pass the hot potato
right now I'm not even a part of this
anymore I feel like some kids getting
bullied so they took my backpack is like
throwing it back and I'm in the backpack
right now what is this this isn't even
real I'm I'm dead I'm sure I'm already
dead stop it
really I'm being pushed around while I'm
dead
can I just die please let me put me out
of my misery
anybody no okay the game ended that's
good I'll just sit in here guys I got
this film I mean I'm just gonna be busy
or something you know because I'm still
dying so any day now any day just okay
oh there we go all right thanks
thanks damn appreciate that there's only
one left and I'm just feeling here for
some reason what am i doing I'm still
dizzy but you're serious they're
spearing me from beyond the grave
finally God there we go we kill them all
right team Sammy he's not dead yet
nevermind
we almost killed
what is he attacking me what the hell I
didn't do anything yeah he's died dragon
spirit
oh god there's the freaking spirits
Jesus no no no they waited until there
was one minute left and they're gonna
give me a glitch out of the frickin game
again
right it is who's doing this
it's happening okay this is good it's
all just chill here that's fine
you guys no take a break we'll be back
in like 40 minutes by the way for the
Persia go away you know I have a life
all right cool